README.md, before:

# CentOS 6 ISO Builder

This repo allows one to create a custom ISO with the necessary packages and
tooling for deploying on SmartOS and Joyent Public Cloud.

## Requirements

In order to use this repo, you need to have the following:

 * SmartOS
 * A running CentOS instance (physical or virtual) with spare disk space
 * sdc-vmtools

## Setup

Included is a `setup_env.sh` script to be run inside the CentOS instance. This
script will install the necessary packages required to create a custom ISO.

## Using

The next script is `build_centos_iso.sh` which takes a series of commands:

 * fetch
 * layout
 * finish

### fetch
This command will fetch the DVD ISO from a given URL if no currently found.

### layout
This command will extract the ISO and place it onto disk and copying any
custom RPMS in `./RPMS` onto the layout.

## finish
This command will cleanup all prior ISO metadata, copy over the kickstart file
in `./ks.cfg`, modify the boot menu to add the kickstart file, and
creates the ISO in `./iso`.

You can run each command separately or all together.

```
./build_centos_iso.sh fetch
#create RPMs
./build_centos_iso.sh layout
./build_centos_iso.sh finish
```

Or `./build_centos_iso.sh fetch layout finish`.

The resulting ISO will be ready to boot and install a clean image ready for
SmartOS and the Joyent Public Cloud.

## Default Settings For Image

* Stock Kernel
* US Keyboard and Language
* Firewall enabled with SSH allowed
* Passwords are using SHA512
* Firstboot disabled
* SELinux is set to permissive
* Timezone is set to UTC
* Disk is 10GB in size (8GB for / and the rest for swap)
* Default packages installed
   * @core
   * acpid
   * iputils
   * man
   * ntp
   * ntpdate
   * parted
   * vim-common
   * vim-enhanced
   * vim-minimal
   * wget

Commit message:

Renamed build_centos_iso.sh to create_iso

README.md, after:

# CentOS 6 ISO Builder

This repo allows one to create a custom ISO with the necessary packages and
tooling for deploying on SmartOS and Joyent Public Cloud.

## Requirements

In order to use this repo, you need to have the following:

 * SmartOS
 * A running CentOS instance (physical or virtual) with spare disk space
 * sdc-vmtools

## Setup

Included is a `setup_env.sh` script to be run inside the CentOS instance. This
script will install the necessary packages required to create a custom ISO.

## Using

The next script is `create_iso` which takes a series of commands:

 * fetch
 * layout
 * finish

### fetch
This command will fetch the DVD ISO from a given URL if no currently found.

### layout
This command will extract the ISO and place it onto disk and copying any
custom RPMS in `./RPMS` onto the layout.

## finish
This command will cleanup all prior ISO metadata, copy over the kickstart file
in `./ks.cfg`, modify the boot menu to add the kickstart file, and
creates the ISO in `./iso`.

You can run each command separately or all together.

```
./create_iso fetch
#create RPMs
./create_iso layout
./create_iso finish
```

Or `./create_iso fetch layout finish`.

The resulting ISO will be ready to boot and install a clean image ready for
SmartOS and the Joyent Public Cloud.

## Default Settings For Image

* Stock Kernel
* US Keyboard and Language
* Firewall enabled with SSH allowed
* Passwords are using SHA512
* Firstboot disabled
* SELinux is set to permissive
* Timezone is set to UTC
* Disk is 10GB in size (8GB for / and the rest for swap)
* Default packages installed
   * @core
   * acpid
   * iputils
   * man
   * ntp
   * ntpdate
   * parted
   * vim-common
   * vim-enhanced
   * vim-minimal
   * wget
